Cubence Pricing Models Documentation FAQ Enterprise Creators EN English English 繁體中文 简体中文 Login Sign Up Unified API · Multi-provider access · Team controls AI API Gateway for Teams and Businesses Connect and manage multiple model providers through one unified API Centralize API keys, quotas, billing, and request status. Compatible with Claude Code, Codex, Gemini CLI, and standard API workflows. Sign in to verify current models, prices, regions, and availability. Start Building Learn More Partners Enterprise procurement & creator referrals Business systems ERP · CRM · OA AI apps Web · Mobile Agents Agents · Workflows Developer tools IDE · CLI · Plugins Cubence API Gateway Key Quota Billing POST /v1/messages Illustrative { "model": "<model-id>" , "messages": [{ "role": "user", "content": "Summarise this file" }] } { "output": "..." ▍ } Anthropic OpenAI Google DeepSeek Qwen More models See the model list for currently available models Connecting the model and tool ecosystem Anthropic OpenAI Gemini DeepSeek Qwen Kimi GLM MiniMax Anthropic OpenAI Gemini DeepSeek Qwen Kimi GLM MiniMax Claude Code Codex Gemini CLI openCode Cherry Studio Cursor Obsidian Mastra Claude Code Codex Gemini CLI openCode Cherry Studio Cursor Obsidian Mastra One model endpoint, many ways to use it Connect team tools, agent workflows and your own business systems. Team AI tools Agents & automation Product integration Enterprise systems Team AI tools Point your team's AI tools at one endpoint Configure Claude Code, Codex, Gemini CLI and other clients with the Cubence endpoint and key, and give each member their own key and quota. 1 Assign keys 2 Configure clients 3 Team usage Read the API docs Agents & automation Hand repetitive work to an agent workflow Call models from your own workflow: receive a task, identify the intent, draft the output, and let a person confirm before it goes out. 1 Receive task 2 Model processing 3 Human confirmation Read the API docs Product integration Build AI capabilities into your product Send procurement requests to the model, get a structured draft back, and let your staff verify before the process continues. 1 Data input 2 Model extraction 3 Human review Read the API docs Enterprise systems Add an AI assist layer to enterprise systems Inside a ticketing system, call the model to classify, summarise and suggest a response, then let support staff verify and adopt it. 1 Ticket arrives 2 Model suggestion 3 Staff adoption Read the API docs Team AI tools Config sample Claude Code Codex Gemini CLI Connection settings Service name Cubence API base URL Configure per client docs API key sk-user-•••••••••• Follow each client's documentation for exact settings View setup docs Member keys Quota CONFIGURATION provider: Cubence api_key: •••••••••• model: as needed Application screens are integration illustrations. Once connected, management stays simple Keys, quotas and spend live in one console, and every call can be traced. Open the console API keys Sample data New key Total keys 3 Active 2 Disabled 1 Unlimited 1 Business system Production Unlimited sk-user-•••••••••••••••• $132.50 used Knowledge base app Staging Active sk-user-•••••••••••••••• $24.00 / $100.00 · 24% Test environment Internal Disabled sk-user-•••••••••••••••• $5.00 / $50.00 · 10% Quota limit Set a fixed amount, or choose unlimited. Keys and quotas per application Issue a separate key for each system or environment, set a fixed quota or leave it unlimited, and see status at a glance. Open the console Cost breakdown Sample data Last 14 days Spend this period $30.40 INPUT OUTPUT CACHE INPUT $12.10 OUTPUT $14.70 CACHE $3.60 See the cost of every call Input, output and cache tokens are billed item by item, with trends and details available whenever you need them. See current pricing GET STARTED From setup to first call in three steps Keep your existing code. Swap the base URL and key, and you are connected. 01 Create an API key Sign in to the console, create a key for the application and set a quota if you need one. Business system … sk-user-•••••••••• Copy 02 Point to the API base URL In your client or SDK, set base_url to Cubence and paste in the key. Base URL https://… API Key sk-user-… 03 Make a model call Send requests using the native Anthropic, OpenAI or Gemini protocol and get responses right away. POST /v1/messages claude-fable-5-1 Waiting for configuration… Create a free key Read the docs GROW WITH CUBENCE Connect your business, share the value Whether you buy for a team or share Cubence with your audience, there is a partnership track for you. Enterprise Enterprise procurement Bulk purchasing, corporate billing and a dedicated contact for teams of every size. Bulk procurement Corporate billing Dedicated support Talk to us How it works 1 Submit your request Fill in your company details and partnership needs 2 Discuss the plan Our team will reach out to discuss a plan that fits 3 Start the partnership Once confirmed, sign the agreement and kick things off Creators Creator referrals Get a referral link, share your AI practice and earn commissions on every referral. Dedicated referral link Referral commission Co-created content Apply as a creator How it works 1 Apply to join Fill in your creator profile and content focus 2 Share your link Include your dedicated link in your content 3 Earn commissions Get rewarded based on effective referrals CUBENCE PRICING Pay-as-you-go pricing Cubence offers pay-as-you-go model access. Prices vary by model and billing item, and subscription plans are not offered. Review the model identifier and its current input, output, cache, or request price Charges are based on actual model usage without a monthly subscription Check current service availability and regional access before use View current model prices Frequently Asked Questions Everything you need to know about CUBENCE What is CUBENCE? CUBENCE is an AI API gateway for teams and businesses. It provides unified access to multiple model providers, model selection, usage reporting, and account controls. Claude Code, Codex, and Gemini CLI are compatible client examples, not the complete model inventory. How does pricing work? Cubence uses pay-as-you-go pricing. See the public pricing page for current model base rates, then confirm applicable group and time-based multipliers in Model Plaza. Subscription plans are not offered. What models are supported? The public model catalog lists active model identifiers and billing modes. Confirm regional availability, client protocol and group access in Model Plaza before use. Which countries and regions does CUBENCE serve? CUBENCE is currently available only in supported countries and regions. See the Supported Countries and Regions policy in the footer for the current list. Service availability may change based on applicable law, payment coverage, and third-party provider requirements. Where can I check service availability? After signing in, open the Cubence status page to view the latest available component state. Cubence does not publish an uptime SLA on this page. Cubence AI API gateway for teams and businesses Services are available only in supported countries and regions. Product Pricing Models Documentation FAQ Partners Company Contact Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy Acceptable Use Policy Supported countries and regions Refund & Cancellation Policy Contact Support © 2026 CUBENCE. Enterprise Creators Cubence | Multi-model AI API Gateway