Discounted AI API Aggregator: GPT-5, Sora 2 | APIMart APIMart Model Market API Docs Pricing Resources Support Discord Open in new window Telegram Open in new window Customer service email View emails Submit a ticket My tickets Language Log in Sign Up One API Connect to top global models at a discount Use one OpenAI-compatible API to reach leading global models across text, image, video, and multimodal workloads. APIMart unifies keys, billing, monitoring, and production access so teams can ship AI features faster at a lower operating cost. Get Started View Documentation Apimart Dash Agent Dashboard API Keys Tasks Usage Billing Activity Demo User 36155.97 Credits Service & Support Models, billing, API docs and support in one console. API Docs Pricing Models WeChat Today Yesterday Last 7 Days Last 30 Days Refresh Metric sparkline Current Balance (Credits) 36155.97 Metric sparkline Historical Consumption (Credits) 64.02 Metric sparkline Request Count 165 Metric sparkline Statistics Count 42 180% vs previous period Metric sparkline Statistics Quota (Credits) 18.44 256.2% vs previous period Metric sparkline Total Tokens 209,010 789.7% vs previous period Spend Trend Total: 18.44 Credits Call Distribution Total: 95 Call Distribution 39 gpt-image-2-official 39 claude-sonnet-4.5 28 sora-2-pro 16 Call Ranking Total: 95 gpt-image-2-official 39 claude-sonnet-4.5 28 sora-2-pro 16 seedream-4.5 12 OpenAI OpenAI Anthropic Anthropic Google Google ByteDance Qwen Qwen Kimi Kimi Minimax MiniMax OpenAI OpenAI Anthropic Anthropic Google Google ByteDance Qwen Qwen Kimi Kimi Minimax MiniMax OpenAI OpenAI Anthropic Anthropic Google Google ByteDance Qwen Qwen Kimi Kimi Minimax MiniMax Defining your AI API layer Consolidate model access, cost controls, keys, monitoring, and failover into one gateway, so teams can manage every AI request through a single OpenAI-compatible interface. 01 Model Independence Model Independence CODING REASONING SPEED COST CONTEXT TOOLS OpenAI Claude Gemini APIMart best route 02 Sovereign Access OpenAI Compatible One line migration from existing SDKs ✓ Unified Billing Credits shared by every model family ✓ Provider Routing Health-aware routing across vendors ✓ Private Support Docs, recharge, and service in one flow ✓ OpenAI · Anthropic · Google · ByteDance — one account, one invoice 03 Across the API lifecycle Across the API lifecycle SHARED CONTROL KEYS PRICE ROUTE CALL TASK BILL LOGS SUPPORT Not just access. Every request strengthens cost, routing, and visibility. llms.txt One prompt — use APIMart from any Agent Copy a single prompt to CodeX, Claude, Cursor or any Agent so it instantly understands every model and endpoint on APIMart, and ask it your questions. apimart — llms.txt prompt Copy prompt for AI Please read APIMart's documentation index below and answer my questions based on it: https://docs.apimart.ai/llms.txt About APIMart: a unified gateway for 500+ AI models — chat (GPT, Claude, Gemini), image (Nano Banana, GPT-Image-2, Imagen), video (Sora, Veo, Kling) and audio — all through an OpenAI-compatible API. Pay only for successful requests. My question: How do I generate a 5-second video with Sora 2 in Python? Models Popular Models Curated top models across categories — start building in minutes. Image Video Chat View all models Gemini Gemini Image Nano Banana (gemini-2.5-flash-image-preview) is Google DeepMind's fast, conversational image generation and editing model. It delivers natural-language text-to-image, precise multi-turn edits, strong character consistency, and multi-image fusion at low latency. Nano banana $0.0125 Save 20% ByteDance Image Seedream 5.0 Pro (seedream-5-0-pro) is quality-first text-to-image model. It produces cinematic 1K and 2K images with best-in-class text rendering, supports up to 10 reference images for style and character consistency, and unifies generation and editing in a single API call. Seedream 5.0 Pro $0.036 Midjourney Midjourney Image Midjourney is a leading text-to-image AI model renowned for its painterly aesthetics, strong composition, and cinematic lighting. Generate high-quality images from text prompts or reference images, with fine-grained control over style, aspect ratio, and creative parameters — accessible programmatically through APIMart's unified API, no Discord required. Midjourney $0.045 Save 20% alibaba Image wan‑2‑7‑image is an advanced image generation model in Alibaba’s Wan 2.7 series designed to create high‑quality visuals from text prompts. It excels at generating detailed, realistic images with accurate object representation and rich composition. The model supports multimodal input (e.g., combining text with reference images) to influence style and structure, and it’s well‑suited for creative workflows such as marketing assets, product visuals, social media graphics, and artistic content production. With strong semantic understanding and prompt adherence, wan‑2‑7‑image delivers both fidelity and expressive visual output. Wan 2.7 Image $0.0216 Save 20% OpenAI OpenAI Image GPT Image 2 delivers next-gen AI image generation from text prompts with near-perfect text rendering, native 4K output, and deep world knowledge. As the latest in the GPT Image series, this GPT Image API supports model, prompt, and other parameters — ideal for production workflows. GPT Image 2 $0.0085 Save 20% OpenAI OpenAI Image GPT-Image-1 is an AI generative model that integrates text and image understanding, specializing in high-quality image creation and editing. GPT Image 1 Official $0.1069 Save 20% OpenAI OpenAI Image GPT-Image 1.5 is an upgraded version of GPT-Image 1, offering higher image quality and improved understanding, making it ideal for high-quality image generation and editing. GPT Image 1.5 Official $0.0851 Save 20% alibaba Image Qwen-Image-2.0 is an AI image model that combines “generation and editing” capabilities, supports extremely long descriptions, and delivers high-quality 2K output. It is particularly well-suited for image creation that requires clear text and professional design aesthetics. Qwen Image 2.0 $0.02 Save 20% apimart Image Grok Imagine 1.5 (grok-imagine-1.5) is xAI's latest text-to-image model built for photorealistic detail and strong prompt adherence. It renders vivid, coherent scenes fast, and pairs with Grok Imagine's edit and image-to-video variants for a full creative workflow. Grok Imagine 1.5 Ext（grok Imagine 1.5 Apimart） $0.015 Save 20% alibaba Image Z-Image-Turbo is a “fast, efficient, and cost-effective” AI image generation model, ideal for rapid image creation and batch processing. Z Image Turbo $0.01 Save 20% Gemini Gemini Image Nano Banana (gemini-2.5-flash-image-preview) is Google DeepMind's fast, conversational image generation and editing model. It delivers natural-language text-to-image, precise multi-turn edits, strong character consistency, and multi-image fusion at low latency. Nano banana $0.0125 Save 20% ByteDance Image Seedream 5.0 Pro (seedream-5-0-pro) is quality-first text-to-image model. It produces cinematic 1K and 2K images with best-in-class text rendering, supports up to 10 reference images for style and character consistency, and unifies generation and editing in a single API call. Seedream 5.0 Pro $0.036 Midjourney Midjourney Image Midjourney is a leading text-to-image AI model renowned for its painterly aesthetics, strong composition, and cinematic lighting. Generate high-quality images from text prompts or reference images, with fine-grained control over style, aspect ratio, and creative parameters — accessible programmatically through APIMart's unified API, no Discord required. Midjourney $0.045 Save 20% alibaba Image wan‑2‑7‑image is an advanced image generation model in Alibaba’s Wan 2.7 series designed to create high‑quality visuals from text prompts. It excels at generating detailed, realistic images with accurate object representation and rich composition. The model supports multimodal input (e.g., combining text with reference images) to influence style and structure, and it’s well‑suited for creative workflows such as marketing assets, product visuals, social media graphics, and artistic content production. With strong semantic understanding and prompt adherence, wan‑2‑7‑image delivers both fidelity and expressive visual output. Wan 2.7 Image $0.0216 Save 20% OpenAI OpenAI Image GPT Image 2 delivers next-gen AI image generation from text prompts with near-perfect text rendering, native 4K output, and deep world knowledge. As the latest in the GPT Image series, this GPT Image API supports model, prompt, and other parameters — ideal for production workflows. GPT Image 2 $0.0085 Save 20% OpenAI OpenAI Image GPT-Image-1 is an AI generative model that integrates text and image understanding, specializing in high-quality image creation and editing. GPT Image 1 Official $0.1069 Save 20% OpenAI OpenAI Image GPT-Image 1.5 is an upgraded version of GPT-Image 1, offering higher image quality and improved understanding, making it ideal for high-quality image generation and editing. GPT Image 1.5 Official $0.0851 Save 20% alibaba Image Qwen-Image-2.0 is an AI image model that combines “generation and editing” capabilities, supports extremely long descriptions, and delivers high-quality 2K output. It is particularly well-suited for image creation that requires clear text and professional design aesthetics. Qwen Image 2.0 $0.02 Save 20% apimart Image Grok Imagine 1.5 (grok-imagine-1.5) is xAI's latest text-to-image model built for photorealistic detail and strong prompt adherence. It renders vivid, coherent scenes fast, and pairs with Grok Imagine's edit and image-to-video variants for a full creative workflow. Grok Imagine 1.5 Ext（grok Imagine 1.5 Apimart） $0.015 Save 20% alibaba Image Z-Image-Turbo is a “fast, efficient, and cost-effective” AI image generation model, ideal for rapid image creation and batch processing. Z Image Turbo $0.01 Save 20% 3 minute quick integration Within minutes, you can start using hundreds of AI models. 1 Sign Up & Create Key Register an account and generate your API key in the dashboard — no credit card required. Get API Key Try Online 2 Update Configuration Change the API endpoint to APIMart — OpenAI SDK users only need to modify one line of code. View Docs Try Online 3 Start Calling Models Access hundreds of AI models like GPT-5, Claude, and Sora through one unified API. apimart — demo.request cURL Python JavaScript Go Java PHP curl --request POST \ --url https://api.apimart.ai/v1/chat/completions \ --header 'Authorization: Bearer <token>' \ --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \ --data '{ "model": "gpt-4o", "messages": [ { "role": "system", "content": "You are a professional AI assistant." }, { "role": "user", "content": "Tell me about the history of artificial intelligence." } ] }' Why APIMart Why teams choose APIMart One platform, clear pricing, real support — so you can focus on shipping. 01 Official channels Curated vendor routes with clear SLAs instead of opaque resellers. 02 Transparent pricing Per-token and per-call numbers you can forecast in spreadsheets. 03 One console Keys, quotas, and usage across models live in a single dashboard. 04 Fast integration OpenAI-compatible endpoints and snippets that compile on day one. 05 Discount bundles Volume tiers and bundles that reward multi-model adoption. 06 Human support Engineers on chat when an integration or invoice needs attention. FAQ FAQ What is APIMart and what does it offer? APIMart is a unified AI API platform providing access to 500+ AI models through a single API. Access Chat APIs (GPT-5, Claude Sonnet 4.5), Video APIs (Sora 2, Veo 3), and Image APIs (Flux.1, Nano Banana) with OpenAI-compatible integration and lower costs than competitors. How does pricing compare to other API providers? APIMart offers up to 70% cost savings compared to Fal.ai, Replicate, and direct providers. Pay-as-you-go pricing with no monthly minimums or hidden fees. Volume discounts apply automatically based on usage. How do I integrate the APIMart API into my application? Simple integration: 1) Sign up and create an API key (no credit card required), 2) Update your base_url to APIMart's endpoint, 3) Start using the OpenAI-compatible format. For OpenAI users, it's just a one-line code change with comprehensive documentation and examples. Why should I choose APIMart over using model providers directly? With APIMart, you only need to manage one account and one invoice to access 500+ AI models. No more maintaining separate API keys for Claude, OpenAI, and Google. Plus, we offer more competitive pricing than official providers. Is my API key secure? Your keys are encrypted in our database. You can generate new keys or revoke old ones at any time in the console to keep your account secure. Which payment methods are supported? Can I get an invoice? APIMart supports multiple mainstream payment channels: Antom (Visa, Mastercard, Alipay), Crypto, PayPal, and Creem. After selecting a plan in the console, you can pay through the channels available in your region. All top-up records can be queried and exported from the billing page. For official electronic invoices or corporate bank transfers, please contact our support team for assistance. Which programming languages are supported? APIMart is fully compatible with the OpenAI API specification, so the official OpenAI client libraries (Python, Node.js, Go, Java, PHP, C#, Ruby, etc.) work out of the box—just swap the base_url, no extra dependencies required. We also support mainstream frameworks like LangChain, LlamaIndex, and Vercel AI. Are there rate limits? How is stability ensured under high concurrency? Default accounts come with generous RPM/TPM quotas, and enterprise accounts can request dedicated quotas and isolated channels. We commit to 99.9% availability, using multi-region multi-provider automatic routing and failover to mitigate single-point risks, with a real-time status page and usage monitoring. Will my requests and data be used to train models? No. APIMart only forwards your request to the selected model provider for the current inference; we never retain your inputs or outputs to train any model. We also pass through each provider's zero data retention (ZDR) agreements, and enterprise accounts can sign a DPA to meet GDPR, SOC 2, and other compliance requirements. Get started Ready to get started? Trusted by developers · Powered by leading AI providers Get started View documentation APIMart Flowmusic Flowmusic Flux Flux 2 Flux Kontext FLUX FLUX 3 Gemini Gemini Omni 1.1 Flash Gemini Omni Flash Preview Gemini Omni 1.1 Flash Ext GPT GPT Image 2 GPT Image 1 Official GPT Image 1.5 Official Grok Grok Imagine 1.5 Video Ext（grok Imagine 1.5 Video Apimart） Grok Imagine 1.5 Ext（grok Imagine 1.5 Apimart） HappyHorse HappyHorse Kling Kling 3.0 Turbo Kling V3 Motion Control Kling V3 Omni Kling Video O1 Kling V2 6 Kling 4.0 MAI-Image-2.6 MAI-Image-2.6 Midjourney Midjourney MiniMax MiniMax Hailuo 2.3 MiniMax Hailuo 02 Nano Nano banana Nano banana 2 Nano banana pro Pixverse Pixverse V6 Qwen Qwen Image 2.0 Seedance Seedance 2.0 Seedance 1.5 Pro Seedance 1.0 Pro Quality Seedream Seedream 5.0 Pro Seedream 5.0 Lite Seedream 4.0 Seedream 4.5 SkyReels SkyReels V4 Fast Sora Sora 2 Pro Sora 2 Suno Suno Veo Veo 3.1 ViduQ ViduQ 3 Wan Wan 2.7 Wan 2.5 Preview Wan 2.6 Wan 2.7 Image Z Z Image Turbo Models Seedream 5.0 Lite API Seedream 4.5 API Sora 2 API Sora 2 Pro API Veo 3.1 API Nano Banana API Seedream 4 API Nano Banana Pro API Nano Banana 2 API ALL Models Alternative Fal.ai Alternative Wavespeed AI Alternative PiAPI Alternative CometAPI Alternative Replicate Alternative AIMLAPI Alternative EachLabs Alternative Resources API Document Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy Sitemap Discord X GitHub WeChat Toggle theme Switch language © 2026 APIMart. All rights reserved.
