Pricing｜AxisNow Product Edge Edge for Devices Edge for Provider Edge Marketplace Multi-Edge（WIP） System Status Change Log Docs (WIP) Use Cases Edge Build Your Own CDN Node Subscription CDN Automatic HTTPS & SSL DNS-Based Traffic Routing Multi-Edge Redundancy & Availability Partners IDC & VPS Providers CDN Providers MSP & MSSP Pricing Company About Us Blog Contact us Sign In Sign Up Sign In Sign Up English English 简体中文 Start for free Get the security and controls you need. No credit card required. Choose your plan Starter Ideal for starting small, testing, and simulating controls Free Get started Up to 10 domains (hostname) 1-day activity log Community support Business Designed for production environments and scaling teams $5 / domain / month Get started Everything in Starter, plus: Add-on: $500 per month for every 1,000 active devices 7-day activity log Prioritize support Enterprise Comprehensive products and services for organizations operating at scale. Custom Talk to Sales Everything in Business, plus: Enhance Admin API Customize prices & payment Custom activity log Enterprise-level support Optional fully self-hosted FAQs What is a domain? A domain is a website, application, or API based on the HTTP/S protocol. For example, axisnow.io, www.axianow.io, api.axisnow.io. We also consider them as three domains (hostnames). What is Device? AxisNow for Mobile Apps solution. Active devices refer to unique devices that complete at least one connection via the SDK during the billing period. Can I be fully self-hosted? Yes, we offer fully private deployments for large-scale businesses or enterprise-level clients. We charge a fixed annual deployment and maintenance fee as well as a flexible monthly endpoint fee. Please contact us to discuss further. How secure is your platform? We place great importance on data security. We strive to protect tenant data as much as possible. At the same time, AxisNow supports you to log out of the tenant at any time and delete all data. AxisNow's data plane (Edge) is installed and managed directly in your own cloud infrastructure. This approach ensures that all data is managed and stored locally, allowing you to have complete control over the data without external influences. In contrast, AxisNow's control plane is a SaaS (Software as a Service) product that provides centralized control over all components. The data displayed in the UI includes aggregated metrics of system telemetry, system usage, and endpoint access. Importantly, customers can disable this data sharing feature of the SaaS product, thereby flexibly controlling the amount of information transmitted and reflected in the UI. Multi-tenant SaaS with segmented databases and per-tenant encryption keys that AxisNow personnel cannot access. If I exceed the quota allowance, what will happen? We currently do not restrict any functions or quantities. Do you offer bulk discounts? Yes. For our enterprise, we offer bulk discounts for monthly payments over $5,000. Please contact our sales team for more details. Still have questions? Contact Your Security and DevOps will both love the edge platform From free to production to enterprise level. Get Started Request Demo Reclaim Control of Edge Application Security and Delivery Product Edge Edge for Devices Edge for Provider Edge Marketplace Pricing System Status Change Log Docs (WIP) Edge Build Your Own CDN Node Subscription CDN Automatic HTTPS & SSL DNS-Based Traffic Routing Multi-Edge Redundancy & Availability Company About us Blog Contact us © AxisNow Pte. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service
