AxisNow - Multi-CDN｜Private CDN｜Application Security & Delivery Product Edge Edge for Devices Edge for Provider Edge Marketplace Multi-Edge（WIP） System Status Change Log Docs (WIP) Use Cases Edge Build Your Own CDN Node Subscription CDN Automatic HTTPS & SSL DNS-Based Traffic Routing Multi-Edge Redundancy & Availability Partners IDC & VPS Providers CDN Providers MSP & MSSP Pricing Company About Us Blog Contact us Sign In Sign Up Sign In Sign Up English English 简体中文 Multi-Edge Infrastructure Reclaim Control of Edge Application Security and Delivery Protect and accelerate websites and APIs, optimize access across mainland China and global markets, and extend acceleration and security capabilities to native and mobile apps through a client SDK — all within an edge network you control. Get Started Request Demo The Cloud-Agnostic Edge Control Layer Decoupling edge infrastructure (where it runs) from edge services (what it does). Edge The Edge Infrastructure You Control Learn more > Build Your Own CDN Node Subscription CDN DNS Routing Automatic HTTPS Edge for Devices Active Security Acceleration for Your Mobile/Client Apps Learn more > The ultimate solution for faster speeds, preventing domain bans, and actively defending against DDoS attacks. Multi-Edge（WIP） Orchestrate Critical Traffic Across Multiple CDNs Learn more > Multiple CDN traffic routing, centralized configuration management, and unified observability. Love from the community People from around the world are building their edge networks with AxisNow! "I have high hopes for AxisNow, which provides a self-hosted edge connection for our IoT services in China and Europe." Quan Long Bitswrt - CTO "This product is impressive! The interface is simple, the functions are practical, and it's suitable for beginners." Kiya NodeSeek Community "It looks even better than I expected, great. AxisNow will be the top solution for self-hosted proxy and cdn the future. Actually, I think it already is, because I don't know anything else." Adam MYFT Cloud - CEO "Your product, whether in terms of functionality or UI, is very pleasing to the eye. What an awesome team." Jeff NodeSeek Community "I have used many self-built CDNs and deeply experienced AxisNow for 2 days. It is indeed quite good! By the way, I conducted a stress test, and the response to the rules was very timely!" Ares Technology enthusiast "AxisNow's multi-CDN is very useful for load balancing! It has solved my disaster recovery and high availability issues!" Ashleylee Linux do Community Automation Deployment and Maintenance Deploy with Terraform (WIP) Integrates into existing IaC tooling to reduce time to rollout across multiple environments including multi-cloud deployments. Deploy with Our API AxisNow's API-first design easily integrates with your stack, that allows you to programmatically deploy and maintain. Build a Best-In-Class Ecosystem Leverage out-of-the-box integrations with major Cloud service provider (CSPs), Credential providers (CPs) , SIEMs, DNS providers, and more. What happens when you start doing AxisNow? The fastest speed Based on Geo or ISP, route traffic to the fastest network. Highest availability Achieving 99.999% availability globally and regionally. The strongest DDoS protection Truly decentralized and distributed edge networks. The lowest cost Intelligent traffic routing reduces costs by up to 40%. Data sovereignty A self-hosted private edge that enables flexibility and privacy over your data. Eliminate cloud locking Seamlessly switch between multiple providers. Your Security and DevOps will both love the edge platform From free to production to enterprise level. Get Started Request Demo Reclaim Control of Edge Application Security and Delivery Product Edge Edge for Devices Edge for Provider Edge Marketplace Pricing System Status Change Log Docs (WIP) Edge Build Your Own CDN Node Subscription CDN Automatic HTTPS & SSL DNS-Based Traffic Routing Multi-Edge Redundancy & Availability Company About us Blog Contact us © AxisNow Pte. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service
